it’s surprisingly painless.
>>> I FEEL BADLY FOR PAUL
>>> I FEEL BADLY FOR PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. I THINK IT IS VERY TOUGH TIME
I THINK IT IS VERY TOUGH TIME FOR HIM.
FOR HIM. HIS LAWYERS, A HIGHLY RESPECTED
HIS LAWYERS, A HIGHLY RESPECTED MAN AND HIGHLY RESPECTED JUDGE.
MAN AND HIGHLY RESPECTED JUDGE. THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION. >> AS WE MENTIONED EARLIER,
>> AS WE MENTIONED EARLIER, PRESIDENT TRUMP, TOLD REPORTERS
PRESIDENT TRUMP, TOLD REPORTERS THAT FEDERAL JUDGE T.S. ELLIS
THAT FEDERAL JUDGE T.S. ELLIS SAYS THERE WAS NO COLLUSION WITH
SAYS THERE WAS NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. THAT’S NOT WHAT THIS FEDERAL
THAT’S NOT WHAT THIS FEDERAL JUDGE SAYS.
JUDGE SAYS. ACCORDING TO THE COURT
ACCORDING TO THE COURT TRANSCRIPT, NOT BEFORE THE COURT
TRANSCRIPT, NOT BEFORE THE COURT FOR ANYTHING HAVING TO DO WITH
FOR ANYTHING HAVING TO DO WITH THE COLLUDING WITH THE RUSSIAN
THE COLLUDING WITH THE RUSSIAN OF THE ELECTION.
OF THE ELECTION. AS WE REPORTED LAST NIGHT, JUDGE
AS WE REPORTED LAST NIGHT, JUDGE ELLIS SENTENCED MANAFORT TO 47
ELLIS SENTENCED MANAFORT TO 47 MONTHS IN PRISON, WELL BELOW THE
MONTHS IN PRISON, WELL BELOW THE SENTENCE GUIDELINES THAT CALLS
SENTENCE GUIDELINES THAT CALLS FOR A QUARTER CENTURY IN JAIL.
FOR A QUARTER CENTURY IN JAIL. THE SENTENCE WAS WIDELY VIEWED
THE SENTENCE WAS WIDELY VIEWED AS LEENTNIENT.
AS LEENTNIENT. MANAFORT NEVER TOOK REMORSE FOR
MANAFORT NEVER TOOK REMORSE FOR HIS CRIME.
HIS CRIME. I WAS SURPRISED THAT I DID NOT
I WAS SURPRISED THAT I DID NOT HEAR YOU EXPRESS REGRET FOR
HEAR YOU EXPRESS REGRET FOR ENGAGING IN WRONGFUL CONDUCT.
ENGAGING IN WRONGFUL CONDUCT. IN OTHER WORDS, YOU DID NOT SAY
IN OTHER WORDS, YOU DID NOT SAY I REALLY, REALLY REGRET NOT
I REALLY, REALLY REGRET NOT DOING WHAT I KNEW THE LAW
DOING WHAT I KNEW THE LAW REQUIRES
REQUIRES REQUIRES.
REQUIRES. NOW, THAT DOES NOT MAKE A
NOW, THAT DOES NOT MAKE A DIFFERENCE OF THE JUDGMENT THAT
DIFFERENCE OF THE JUDGMENT THAT I AM ABOUT TO MAKE.
I AM ABOUT TO MAKE. I HOPE YOU WILL REFLECT ON THAT
I HOPE YOU WILL REFLECT ON THAT AND YOUR REGRET WILL BE YOU DID
AND YOUR REGRET WILL BE YOU DID NOT COMPLY WITH THE LAW.
NOT COMPLY WITH THE LAW. BACK WITH US TONIGHT IS JOE
BACK WITH US TONIGHT IS JOE WINEBANKS.
WINEBANKS. JILL, FIRST OF ALL, YOUR
JILL, FIRST OF ALL, YOUR REACTION TO THE SENTENCING HERE.
REACTION TO THE SENTENCING HERE. MY REACTION OF THE SENTENCING IS
MY REACTION OF THE SENTENCING IS THAT IT IS NOT A FAIR SENTENCE.
THAT IT IS NOT A FAIR SENTENCE. IT IS WAY TOO LIGHT IN
IT IS WAY TOO LIGHT IN COMPARISON WITH WHAT OTHER
COMPARISON WITH WHAT OTHER DEFENDANTS GET.
DEFENDANTS GET. NOT JUST IN WHITE COLLAR CASES
NOT JUST IN WHITE COLLAR CASES BUT IT HIGHLIGHTS THE IN EQUITY
BUT IT HIGHLIGHTS THE IN EQUITY AND OUR SYSTEM WHERE POOR
AND OUR SYSTEM WHERE POOR DEFENDANTS COMMIT A CRIME OF
DEFENDANTS COMMIT A CRIME OF POSSIBLY STEALING $100 TO SERVE
POSSIBLY STEALING $100 TO SERVE THEIR FAMILY GETS FIVE TO TEN
THEIR FAMILY GETS FIVE TO TEN YEARS AND HE GOT FOUR YEARS.
YEARS AND HE GOT FOUR YEARS. IT IS NOT CONSISTENT WHERE YOU
IT IS NOT CONSISTENT WHERE YOU READ THE PART ABOUT HIM HAVING
READ THE PART ABOUT HIM HAVING NO REMORSE.
NO REMORSE. TO HAVE NO REMORSE AND REWARDED
TO HAVE NO REMORSE AND REWARDED A LIGHT SENTENCE IS
A LIGHT SENTENCE IS INCONSISTENT.
INCONSISTENT. HE SHOULD HAVE GIVEN MORE TIME
HE SHOULD HAVE GIVEN MORE TIME IN JAIL TO REFLECT ON IT.
IN JAIL TO REFLECT ON IT. >> WHAT’S THE DANGER OF HAVING A
>> WHAT’S THE DANGER OF HAVING A PRESIDENT MISQUOTE A FEDERAL
PRESIDENT MISQUOTE A FEDERAL JUDGE?
JUDGE? >> IT IS THE DANGER THAT WE HAVE
>> IT IS THE DANGER THAT WE HAVE EVERYDAY WITH DONALD TRUMP
EVERYDAY WITH DONALD TRUMP MISLEADING THE PUBLIC.
MISLEADING THE PUBLIC. HE SAYS THINGS THAT PEOPLE WILL
HE SAYS THINGS THAT PEOPLE WILL BELIEVE BECAUSE HE HAD SAID
BELIEVE BECAUSE HE HAD SAID THEM.
THEM. WHEN THEY ARE HEARING WHAT THE
WHEN THEY ARE HEARING WHAT THE REAL FACT IS.
REAL FACT IS. THE JUDGE, FIRST OF ALL, IT WAS
THE JUDGE, FIRST OF ALL, IT WAS A TOTAL RED HAIR FOR HIM TO
A TOTAL RED HAIR FOR HIM TO COMMENT ON THIS.
COMMENT ON THIS. THE CASE HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
THE CASE HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY CONSPIRACY TO
TO DO WITH ANY CONSPIRACY TO HURT THE AMERICAN ELECTIONS WITH
HURT THE AMERICAN ELECTIONS WITH THE RUSSIANS.
THE RUSSIANS. THE CRIMES THAT MANAFORT WAS
THE CRIMES THAT MANAFORT WAS TRIED FOR WERE BANK FRAUD, TAX
TRIED FOR WERE BANK FRAUD, TAX EVASION, THAT HAD NOTHING TO DO
EVASION, THAT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA.
WITH RUSSIA. SAYING ANYTHING ABOUT IT NOT
SAYING ANYTHING ABOUT IT NOT BEING IS THE SAME ASSAYING YOU
BEING IS THE SAME ASSAYING YOU ARE NOT TRIED FOR MURDER.
ARE NOT TRIED FOR MURDER. WELL, OKAY, HE DIDN’T KILL
WELL, OKAY, HE DIDN’T KILL ANYBODY ON FIFTH AVENUE.
ANYBODY ON FIFTH AVENUE. THAT’S NOT WHAT HE’S GETTING
THAT’S NOT WHAT HE’S GETTING AWAY WITH.
AWAY WITH. HE WAS TRIED FOR SOMETHING
HE WAS TRIED FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. ONCE AGAIN DONALD TRUMP SAID
ONCE AGAIN DONALD TRUMP SAID SOMETHING THAT HAD NO
SOMETHING THAT HAD NO RELATIONSHIP WITH THE FACTS.
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE FACTS. AND FACTS MATTER.
AND FACTS MATTER. I HOPE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL
I HOPE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL PAY ATTENTION TO WHAT THE JUDGE
PAY ATTENTION TO WHAT THE JUDGE ACTUALLY SAYS.
ACTUALLY SAYS. >> NO ONE NEEDS TO REMIND
>> NO ONE NEEDS TO REMIND SOMEONE WITH YOUR RESUME BUT FOR
SOMEONE WITH YOUR RESUME BUT FOR OUR VIEWERS, THIS IS A LESSON IN
OUR VIEWERS, THIS IS A LESSON IN THE FACT THAT FEDERAL JUDGES
THE FACT THAT FEDERAL JUDGES FOLLOW THE SAME VAGUETY AS ALL
FOLLOW THE SAME VAGUETY AS ALL PEOPLE DO.
PEOPLE DO. YOU CAN’T PICK YOUR FEDERAL
YOU CAN’T PICK YOUR FEDERAL JUDGE, THEY ARE ASSIGNED TO YOU.
JUDGE, THEY ARE ASSIGNED TO YOU. I WANT TO READ THIS TO YOU FROM
I WANT TO READ THIS TO YOU FROM AXIOS.
AXIOS. THIS WAS FROM AUGUST OF 2018.
THIS WAS FROM AUGUST OF 2018. IT IS PART OF A PROFILE OF THIS,
IT IS PART OF A PROFILE OF THIS, JUDGE.
JUDGE. IT IS NOT THE FIRST JUDGE, HE
IT IS NOT THE FIRST JUDGE, HE HAS ROUTINELY BROKEN IN ON
HAS ROUTINELY BROKEN IN ON QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. YOU PLIT
YOU PLIT JILL, YOU GET WHAT I AM GETTING
JILL, YOU GET WHAT I AM GETTING AT THAT THESE ARE WHAT THEY ARE.
AT THAT THESE ARE WHAT THEY ARE. >> IN THIS CASE, I WAS UPSET
>> IN THIS CASE, I WAS UPSET DURING THE TRIAL AND SOME OF HIS
DURING THE TRIAL AND SOME OF HIS BEHAVIOR.
BEHAVIOR. HE WAS EXTREMELY HARSH ON THE
HE WAS EXTREMELY HARSH ON THE PROSECUTION.
PROSECUTION. HE SAID THINGS LIKE YOU ARE
HE SAID THINGS LIKE YOU ARE CRYING IN MY COURTROOM BUT
CRYING IN MY COURTROOM BUT EVERYONE WORSE.
EVERYONE WORSE. HE ATTACKED ONE OF THE WITNESSES
HE ATTACKED ONE OF THE WITNESSES AND ATTACKED RICK GATES AND HE
AND ATTACKED RICK GATES AND HE SAID SOMETHING LIKE WHEN RICK
SAID SOMETHING LIKE WHEN RICK GATES TESTIFIED THAT EVERYTHING
GATES TESTIFIED THAT EVERYTHING THAT WAS DONE WAS WITHIN
THAT WAS DONE WAS WITHIN MANAFORT KNOWLEDGE THAT HE PAID
MANAFORT KNOWLEDGE THAT HE PAID CLOSE ATTENTION.
CLOSE ATTENTION. HE WOULD HAVE KNOWN HOW MUCH
HE WOULD HAVE KNOWN HOW MUCH MONEY HE WAS STEALING.
MONEY HE WAS STEALING. THAT’S A DEVASTATING COMMENT AND
THAT’S A DEVASTATING COMMENT AND COULD BE WHAT MADE THE ONE JUROR
COULD BE WHAT MADE THE ONE JUROR WHO HELD OUT FOR ACQUITTAL.
WHO HELD OUT FOR ACQUITTAL. THERE WAS ONLY ONE.
THERE WAS ONLY ONE. EVERYONE VOTED FOR 18 COUNTS OF
EVERYONE VOTED FOR 18 COUNTS OF CONVICTIONS.
CONVICTIONS. MAYBE THAT’S THE THING THAT
MAYBE THAT’S THE THING THAT CHANGED THAT ONE JUROR’S MIND
CHANGED THAT ONE JUROR’S MIND AND AFFECTED THE OUTCOME OF THE
AND AFFECTED THE OUTCOME OF THE TRIAL.
TRIAL. YOU ARE RIGHT, HE DID MAKE JOKES
YOU ARE RIGHT, HE DID MAKE JOKES ABOUT THINGS THAT HIS WIFE HAD
ABOUT THINGS THAT HIS WIFE HAD SAID AND DEMEAN THINGS.
SAID AND DEMEAN THINGS. HE SAID WAS JUST ABOUT THE HIGH
HE SAID WAS JUST ABOUT THE HIGH LIFESTYLE OF MANAFORT WHEN IN
LIFESTYLE OF MANAFORT WHEN IN FACT WHAT THEY WERE PROVING WAS
FACT WHAT THEY WERE PROVING WAS THAT NOT HE WORE AN EXPENSIVE
THAT NOT HE WORE AN EXPENSIVE OSTRICH JACKET BUT HIS INCOME
OSTRICH JACKET BUT HIS INCOME REPORTED COULD NOT PASSIVELY
REPORTED COULD NOT PASSIVELY SUPPORT HIS LIFESTYLE, THAT’S
SUPPORT HIS LIFESTYLE, THAT’S HOW YOU PROVE CRIMINAL TAX
HOW YOU PROVE CRIMINAL TAX FRAUD.
FRAUD. HE REALLY INTERFERED WITH THE
HE REALLY INTERFERED WITH THE TRIAL AND HIS BEHAVIOR WAS
TRIAL AND HIS BEHAVIOR WAS TERRIBLE AS WAS HIS SENTENCING
TERRIBLE AS WAS HIS SENTENCING IGNORING ALL THE GUIDELINES AND
IGNORING ALL THE GUIDELINES AND REWARDING SOMEONE FOR NOT BEING
REWARDING SOMEONE FOR NOT BEING REMORSEFUL.
REMORSEFUL. THERE WAS A SOPHISTICATED CRIME
THERE WAS A SOPHISTICATED CRIME PATTERN HERE THAT SHOULD HAVE
PATTERN HERE THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND
BEEN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND ELEVATED THE SENTENCING, NOT TO
ELEVATED THE SENTENCING, NOT TO SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE FACT THAT
SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE FACT THAT HE LIED AFTER SAYING HE WOULD
HE LIED AFTER SAYING HE WOULD COOPERATE OR HE LIED TO THE FBI
COOPERATE OR HE LIED TO THE FBI AND PROSECUTORS AND BANKS AND SO
AND PROSECUTORS AND BANKS AND SO MANY PEOPLE.
MANY PEOPLE. AND CAUSED BANKS TO LOSE MONEY.